Bonjour and welcome to the Lancome
makeup Atelier today I'm going to do a
striking and monochromatic look for eyes
using two liquid liners and contrasting
shades of black and white so I'm going
to recreate a look that I created on
Alma for the Hypnose volume Airport a
mascara campaign and it was kind of a
twist on a classic black winged liner
look I'm using two shades of Lena plume
black and white starting with the white
one first
for very thin into the inner corner and
then thickening up taking it about
halfway along then just going over to
build up the intensity
so I'm just thickening up mainly in the
center stopping quite abruptly now I
know I look like an alien now but just
bear with me I need to let this dry and
then I'm going to go in with the black
liner give these a really good shake
actually before you apply them then you
get lots of ink and then using the black
underneath all the way to the edge and
then map a wing out and then draw a
triangle then within the triangle just
build up the color it starts off a
little patchy but just keep dabbing over
it
then just spending a bit more time to
graduate the black line into the whites
if you take it sort of around and then
go right down to the roots of the lashes
there you can get a gradual black line
appearing which blends in well with the
white and to bring the lip together I'm
going to use Hypnose volume a port a
mascara this will really give me maximum
volume on my lashes I'm gonna hold it
right down to the roots and massage
there just so it covers any white liner
that's been left there and then it was
much product there for maximum
definition
and to finish the eye look I used one of
the eyeshadow sticks as a highlighter
cluster the inner corner underneath so
in this look I did a little bit of
contouring a little bit of bronzing on
Alma so I'm going to use the bell de
time
and Jeff's very softly add a little glow
here and there it wasn't a very
contoured look but it was more of a sort
of softly glowing look and on top of
that I'm also going to apply a touch of
peach blush just onto the apples of the
cheeks and to finish the look I used a
peachy lipstick on Alma
so that's a finished look and I really
enjoyed creating it for the campaign I
think it's fun it's a bit playful and
it's quite unusual I'd have to say I
think my eyelashes look incredible so I
hope you like it too and do come and see
me again soon at the Lancome makeup
Atelier
a bientot
you